WEARLUX DEMO STORE

Run npm run dev, then open http://localhost:3002.

The Wearlux-app branch uses local sample products by default. Browse, search,
filter, select sizes/colours, save favourites, add to bag, select delivery and
complete checkout without WordPress, WooCommerce or Paystack.

Sample products: lib/demo-store.ts (12 products using existing local photos).
Sample coupon: WEARLUX10 (10% off).
Shipping: Lagos N3,500; other states N6,500; express adds N3,000.
Standard shipping is free above N150,000 after discounts.
Stock: 10 units per size/colour selection, reset for each demo order.
Currencies use fixed illustrative rates.

Orders are simulations: no money is charged, no real order is sent, stock is
not permanently deducted, and nothing is emailed or shipped. A receipt is
stored in sessionStorage for the current browser tab. Customer contact and
address details are validated but are not persisted by the demo API.

Demo mode redirects ALL /api requests through a local adapter. Payment,
admin, accounts, gift-card issuance, tracking, email and other external
integrations return an explicit unavailable message until connected.
The site retains existing layouts/content; the photos are illustrative.

CONNECTING THE NEW WORDPRESS STORE

One code configuration file: lib/store-config.ts.

1. Set wordpressUrl to the new WordPress origin and siteUrl to the new
   storefront origin. Standard Store API, REST API and media URLs are derived
   automatically. Fill endpoints overrides only for nonstandard URLs.
2. Use a separate Wearlux environment/deployment with the NEW WooCommerce,
   WordPress and payment credentials. Never copy Missus production keys into
   a Wearlux deployment. Secrets stay in environment variables, not source.
   The current ignored .env.local has been left untouched and still contains
   the old site's configuration. Do not enable live mode with those keys.
3. Change mode from "demo" to "wordpress" in the same configuration file.
   Optional: enter the new store's public bank-transfer details in bankTransfer
   in the same file. Bank transfer stays disabled while these fields are blank.
4. Restart/rebuild the app. The demo route is disabled; existing WordPress
   catalog, stock, shipping, coupon, order and payment integrations resume.
5. Test the new endpoints and payment gateway in their test environment first.
   Custom gift-card/account/homepage integrations still require their matching
   WordPress plugins/routes, as described in NEW-WOOCOMMERCE-STORE-SETUP.md.

Legacy WP_BASE_URL/WC_API_URL/WP_API_URL/WP_API_BASE environment URL values
are intentionally ignored. This prevents old URLs overriding the central
configuration. New media hosts are also picked up by next.config.ts.

Missus/master branches and their production settings have not been modified.
Wearlux has its own browser cart, wishlist and currency storage keys.

Checks: node --test tests/wearlux-demo.test.cjs
